# 0443. String-Compression

Given an array of characters  `chars`, compress it using the following algorithm:

Begin with an empty string  `s`. For each group of  **consecutive repeating characters**  in  `chars`:

-   If the group's length is  `1`, append the character to  `s`.
-   Otherwise, append the character followed by the group's length.

The compressed string  `s`  **should not be returned separately**, but instead, be stored  **in the input character array  `chars`**. Note that group lengths that are  `10`  or longer will be split into multiple characters in  `chars`.

After you are done  **modifying the input array,**  return  _the new length of the array_.

You must write an algorithm that uses only constant extra space.

**Note:** The characters in the array beyond the returned length do not matter and should be ignored.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** chars = ["a","a","b","b","c","c","c"]
**Output:** Return 6, and the first 6 characters of the input array should be: ["a","2","b","2","c","3"]
**Explanation:** The groups are "aa", "bb", and "ccc". This compresses to "a2b2c3".

**Example 2:**

**Input:** chars = ["a"]
**Output:** Return 1, and the first character of the input array should be: ["a"]
**Explanation:** The only group is "a", which remains uncompressed since it's a single character.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** chars = ["a","b","b","b","b","b","b","b","b","b","b","b","b"]
**Output:** Return 4, and the first 4 characters of the input array should be: ["a","b","1","2"].
**Explanation:** The groups are "a" and "bbbbbbbbbbbb". This compresses to "ab12".

**Constraints:**

-   `1 <= chars.length <= 2000`
-   `chars[i]`  is a lowercase English letter, uppercase English letter, digit, or symbol.

# Solution

### Python

```python
class Solution(object):
    def compress(self, chars):
        """
        :type chars: List[str]
        :rtype: int
        """
        n = len(chars)
        write = 0
        count = 1

        for i in range(1, n + 1):  
            if i < n and chars[i] == chars[i - 1]:
                count += 1
            else:
                chars[write] = chars[i - 1]
                write += 1
                
                if count > 1:
                    for c in str(count):
                        chars[write] = c
                        write += 1
                count = 1

        return write
```