# 2390. Removin Stars From a String

You are given a string  `s`, which contains stars  `*`.

In one operation, you can:

-   Choose a star in  `s`.
-   Remove the closest  **non-star**  character to its  **left**, as well as remove the star itself.

Return  _the string after  **all**  stars have been removed_.

**Note:**

-   The input will be generated such that the operation is always possible.
-   It can be shown that the resulting string will always be unique.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** s = "leet**cod*e"
**Output:** "lecoe"
**Explanation:** Performing the removals from left to right:
- The closest character to the 1st star is 't' in "lee**t****cod*e". s becomes "lee*cod*e".
- The closest character to the 2nd star is 'e' in "le**e***cod*e". s becomes "lecod*e".
- The closest character to the 3rd star is 'd' in "leco**d***e". s becomes "lecoe".
There are no more stars, so we return "lecoe".

**Example 2:**

**Input:** s = "erase*****"
**Output:** ""
**Explanation:** The entire string is removed, so we return an empty string.
# Solution
The objective of this problem is simple: remove the stars from the string. In order to do that a star can be selected and the closest non-star character to its left **must be** deleted.
To solve this we can use a **stack**.

We iterate over the elements of the string `s` and we check a condition:
- if the element is not a star: we push it (append it in this case) to the `stack`
- if the element is a star: we don't push it to the `stack` and we delete the last element of the `stack` with `.pop`.

Lastly, we return the `stack`

### Python

```python
class Solution(object):
    def removeStars(self, s):
        """
        :type s: str
        :rtype: str
        """
        stack = []
        
        for i in s:
            if i != "*":
                stack.append(i)
            else:
                stack.pop()
        return "".join(stack)
```